(soft orchestral music)
[Alexia] What does that girl
think she's doing?
[Natsume]
It appears that Princess Rose
has fled to the north
of the Royal Capital.
I suspect she has
not yet left the city.
Apparently, the Oriana Kingdom
wants to handle it internally
as a purely domestic matter.
They have sent word
to the Midgar Kingdom
asking them not to interfere.
[Alexia] I smell a rat.
[Natsume] Me too.
Rose is not a foreign diplomat.
She is an exchange student,
so it would be more appropriate
to judge her by Midgar law.
But if that were to happen,
it could have an adverse effect
on relations between
the two kingdoms.
Well, Father is sure to take
a wait and see attitude.
His picture could be
in the dictionary
under "ostrich policy."
Princess Rose's fiance is
a Mr. Perv Asshat,
the second son of an
Oriana Kingdom duke.
If she is arrested on
charges of harming him,
she will naturally be given
a harsh sentence.
[Alexia]
She's royalty, so they won't
give her the death penalty,
but...
(tense music)
(panting)
(groans)
(many footsteps)
(OPENING THEME)
[Alexia] Anyway,
we'll want to find Rose
before Oriana does
so we can hear
her side of the story.
[Natsume]
I wouldn't be too hasty.
Princess Rose hasn't told us
anything at all
about this matter.
Your point is?
[Natsume] I imagine she wanted
to avoid the possibility of
our involvement leading to
trouble between the kingdoms.
It may be wise to refrain
from acting rashly.
[Alexia] You mean we
should abandon her?
[Natsume]
No, I didn't say that.
I meant we should consider
our next move carefully.
[Alexia] What does that mean?
Are you saying that I'm nothing
more than a thoughtless idiot?
If you have something
to say to me, just say it.
No, I would never infer
that you were-
Don't play all sweet and
innocent with me!
(gasps)
[Natsume]
Pl-please don't kill me.
[Alexia]
Your acting is SO obvious.
(Natsume gasps)
(dramatic music)
I'll murder you.
(whimpers)
Look, I totally get it,
I know that Rose didn't want to
drag us into her problem.
That's what's pissing me off.
[Natsume] Right.
But we are all sworn allies.
Sure, we don't know
what's going on
deep in each other's hearts,
but we decided
to work as a team.
Didn't we?
[Natsume] Yes.
[Alexia] In that case,
I can't abandon her.
Of course,
I wouldn't abandon you either.
(Alexia standing)
Understand?
[Natsume] Then I will gather
some more information
on Princess Rose.
I've heard some unsavory rumors
about her fiance,
so I will look into
those as well.
I see you changed
your tune fast.
I'll start by seeing if my
sister can give me advice.
You be careful out there,
I guess.
You do the same, Princess.
Nothing fazes you, does it?
(door closes)
All right,
I'll just have to do what I can.
[Beta] You may feed her a little
more information on Perv Asshat
and the Oriana Royal Family.
Are you sure, my Lady?
If she gets more information
she has to process,
she will slow down and
take some time to think.
We cannot afford
for the princess
to run headfirst into trouble.
Now, where is Rose?
She appears to have made
it through the sewers
and into the underground ruins.
They are a complex
series of tunnels
and should be a perfect place
to go into hiding.
[Beta] Continue to keep tabs
on her location,
even if it's
just a general area.
Of course.
"As she fled,
there were several occasions
of her pressing
her hand to her chest."
(exciting orchestral music)
(explosion)
[ref]
The winner, Flukas Bullhead!
(audience applauds)
[Kagenou] "Fiance-stabbing
fugitive Princess Rose
suspected of eloping."
"Is this an elicit
love affair?"
Huh, I didn't know
she had a boyfriend.
Still, stabbing your fiance
and hitting the road...
That is SO rock and roll,
I'll never get over it.
Although as a mooching
background character,
it does hurt me
to lose a patron.
It's okay, no need to panic.
I'll win the next one and
cancel out every one
of these losses.
[Kagenou] Guess I'll have to do
the regular background
character thing
and wander around town in
search of a new patron.
(Skel still freaking out)
No, bad idea.
If I did that, I'd become
a street pickup artist.
[Skel]
It's all part of the investment!
[Kagenou] Wait a minute.
[Skel] Yes, it's justified!
[Kagenou] My real focus right
now should not be
background character behavior.
As long as there are big,
important event scenes
going on,
what's needed for me is
my Eminence in Shadow routine.
[Skel] I can win!!
[Kagenou]
A secret war unfolding
behind the scenes of a
magnificent tournament...
Yes, I see it! It's so good!
I know! My battle scouter
is working perfectly!
So Cid, for the cherry on top
of this perfect victory,
I'd like some funds to-
Hmm? What the?
[Kagenou] Still...
having to be there for the
advancement of the main story
is one of the hard parts of
being the Eminence in Shadow.
(gasps) Why am I smelling elf?
Hmm?
Do you know of any elves?
(eerie music)
Yeah, I guess I have
a few elf friends.
[woman]
Well, I'm looking for an elf.
Okay, sure.
She was a pretty girl.
[Cid] Cool.
Sound like anyone you know?
[Cid] I mean...
She should look a lot like me.
She's my late sister's
daughter.
[Cid] Okay.
Do you know or have you known
any elves that look like me?
[Cid] Hmm...
[woman] You do?
Well, I can't really see your
face under that hood.
Yes, of course.
Oh...
(soft dramatic music)
(brightly) No,
it's not ringing any bells here.
Are you sure?
Yep.
I see.
(discordance)
(schwing)
[Kagenou] I know...
She's gonna stop right in time,
so I'll be a good background
character and...
(yells)
(strong wind)
Oh!
Apparently I was mistaken,
I'm sorry.
Apologies. I thought you
would be stronger.
What is your name?
Mmm...
It's, uh, Cid Kagenou.
My name is Beatrix.
Well, um...
This is a good hand.
You WILL grow stronger.
Sorry to have startled you.
[Kagenou]
I guess she's pretty strong.
[ref]
The winner, Imatry Nottaloos!
[Imatry] Yeah!
(audience applauds)
[Quinton] You're not here to
watch this depressing fight,
are you?
You want the next one.
Mmm?
[Annerose]
You were that guy who...
Yeah, the name's Quinton.
You caught the
third round yesterday,
isn't that right, little lady?
I did indeed.
I assume you did too?
Well, I wasn't planning on it,
but I was in the right place
at the right time.
So, Mundane Mann,
what do you make of him?
Supposedly, his opponent
tripped and fell,
but it didn't look like
luck to me.
[Quinton]
Agreed. That punk did something.
Now I couldn't tell you exactly
what that something was,
but I'm willing to bet you
could tell me, couldn't you,
Miss Annerose Nichtsehen of
Velgalta's Seven Blades?
I no longer go by that name.
Now it's just Annerose.
[Quinton]
Didn't mean to offend.
Belated congratulations on
passing the Goddess' Trial,
by the way.
[Annerose] Thanks.
[Quinton]
So I'm assuming you managed
to figure out
what the hell he did,
'cause I'm at a loss.
I couldn't see
precisely what he did.
I never expected him
to be so fast
that I couldn't follow
his every move.
But the one thing
I know for sure is
Mundane's right hand moved.
[Quinton]
Huh? His right hand, eh?
[Annerose] Yes, his right hand.
I couldn't make out
what it did,
but I'm certain of the fact
that it moved.
And if there's anything else
I could say for sure,
it's that it was
unbelievably fast.
[Quinton] Huh? So you're saying
my guess was wrong?
Here I thought he was
breaking the rules
by using a damned artifact.
[Annerose] I wouldn't rule out
the possibility.
Either way, his match today
should tell us more.
His opponent will be Goldy
Gilded, the Unbeaten Legend.
He has NEVER lost
a single fight.
Oh, really?
I've never heard of him,
but he sounds famous.
Is he tough?
He's famous, all right,
for what that's worth.
I've been matched
with him three times
in past tournaments myself.
[Quinton] But Goldy has
never lost a fight.
(armor gleams)
Does that mean he beat you too?
[Annerose] Don't be ridiculous.
I never got to fight him.
Huh? What the hell's that mean?
He never fights against anyone
who has the possibility
of beating him.
If he's matched with one,
he forfeits.
That's how he earned the
nickname "Unbeaten Legend."
But of course,
he hates that name
and calls himself
"Ever-Victorious Golden Dragon."
(chuckles)
"Victorious" and "Unbeaten"...
They sound the same, but mean
completely different things.
[Annerose] Do they really?
He fights only the opponents
he knows he can beat
and worms his way up
through the ranks.
In small-scale competitions,
he's even made his
way to champion.
[Quinton] Wow,
so he's not a total weakling.
[Annerose] Goldy's greatest
asset is that he can see
exactly how good
his opponent is,
and yet he chose not to run
away from Mundane.
[Quinton]
I see what you're saying.
So either the Unbeaten Legend
couldn't see Mundane's
true strength,
or Mundane is a rotten coward
who lets an artifact
do all the work.
[Annerose] Not only that,
but the Unbeaten Legend has
only ever faced off
against fighters
he knew he could beat.
In other words,
he has never shown any of us
how powerful he really is.
[Quinton]
That does sound interesting.
Yes.
[ref] Round Four, Match Six.
Goldy Gilded versus
Mundane Mann!
Ready! Fight!
(Goldy yells)
(exciting music)
Huh?
(bone cracks)
(swish)
(Goldy yells)
Huh?
[Goldy] Wha?
(waaah)
Huh?
(stammering)
So you think you can
mess with me?
[Quinton] Did you see it?
[Annerose] Just barely.
Impressive indeed.
I wasn't able to see anything.
I was sure the
Unbeaten Legend's sword
was about to take off
Mundane's head.
[Annerose] You're right.
No normal person could have
gotten out of the way in time.
But just before the
sword got to him,
Mundane cracked his neck.
He cracked his neck?
Like this,
crack, crackle, crack.
Wait just a damn minute!
What the hell are
you talking about?
[Annerose]
I don't understand it either,
but as soon as he tilted his
head, I heard a crack,
and he had dodged
Goldy's sword.
[Quinton]
Come on, there's no way.
You're saying he wanted
to crack his neck
and happened to do it
at just the right time?
That kind of coincidence
doesn't happen.
And if it's not a coincidence?
That's crazy.
This man cracked his neck
so quickly
that even I would
have missed it
if I hadn't been
watching for it.
Do you think a normal human
being could do such a thing?
(uh) That is a good point.
Hold on a sec!
That sword was coming
really fast.
There's no way anybody
could dodge it
by cracking their neck
at just the right time.
[Annerose]
I only half-believe it myself.
Maybe it was
just a coincidence.
But then again, what if it
wasn't at all, Quinton?
I really don't like you.
You just let a one in a million
chance get away from you,
so how can you stand there
like you don't care?
You'll have one opportunity in
your entire life
to potentially beat me,
and you just LOST yours!
Show some disappointment!
Get on the ground and writhe
like the miserable
worm you are!
Anything else would be
blasphemy against me!
(Goldy growls)
What in the hell?
Don't you know you gave up your
golden opportunity?
A puny weakling of Power Level
17 thinks he can humiliate ME?
I will bury you!
Behold my power!
(dramatic music building)
[Goldy]
Here's something you can think
about in the afterlife!
My power level is 4,330,
you punk!
Demon God, Fatal Strike!
Golden Dragon Blade!
(music stops abruptly)
(gasps)
(whirring whistle)
(waaah)
(Mundane sighs)
(Goldy groans)
[ref] The... The winner...
Mundane Mann?
(Goldy groans)
That's just frickin' crazy.
(crowd murmurs)
Goldy's no pushover.
He's better than I thought
if he's able to manifest that:
a visual of magical power.
If he had aimed higher
and sought out battles with
stronger opponents,
he could have become an
outstanding Dark Knight.
[Quinton] So, what did Mundane
do at the end there?
If I saw what I think I saw,
Mundane sneezed.
Huh?!
(soft dramatic music)
[Annerose] Maybe the golden
dragon was too bright for him.
Mundane sneezed,
and at the same time,
his sword swung down.
Goldy charged right into it.
It was an accidental crash.
No way, that's insane!
The dragon clashed with a
sneeze and the sneeze won?!
[Annerose]
That is what happened.
Goldy said Mundane lost a
golden opportunity.
But Mundane never had
any need to wait
for Goldy to
give him an opening.
It's almost like to Mundane,
every fraction of a second
was an opening.
Ha! That's ridiculous.
I was wasting my time with you.
If that punk keeps winning,
then he'll be up against me
in the preliminary finals.
I'll show everyone what
he's REALLY made of.
[Annerose] Would I be able to
move the way he does?
(neck cracks)
(Annerose sneezes)
Oh!
(embarrassed)
[Iris] And that is the
security plan for the main
Bushin Festival tournament
next week, Lord Asshat.
Please, Princess Iris, I insist
that you call me Perv.
Very well, then I shall call
you Lord Perv.
I know I have asked you
this before,
but are you absolutely certain
you feel no need for
increased security?
[Perv] Of course not.
It's not as if anything happened
that would create an
unusual stir.
[Iris] Your condition appears
to be much different
than what I was told
in the reports.
[Perv] Yes, the story seems to
have been somewhat exaggerated.
You Midgardians are all
so prone to worrying.
Perhaps we can blame that on
Princess Alexia's kidnapping.
[Iris] (low growl)
(Perv chuckles)
I understand you personally
went to the rescue of your
dear, delicate younger sister.
Our kingdom intends to
follow your example.
We will solve family problems
within the family.
[Oriana] We will do just as
Perv Asshat commands of us.
[Perv] You see?
His Majesty concurs.
Please leave the rest to me,
Your Highness.
Court negotiations,
reconstruction of the
knightly order,
and our part in the
Bushin Festival...
I can understand your anxiety,
Your Highness,
but please,
put your mind at ease.
(Iris growls)
Our kingdom will do
nothing to disquiet
your pretty little head,
Princess Iris.
Right, Your Majesty?
We will do just as
Perv Asshat commands of us.
(growls)
(explosion)
[ref]
Th-the winner, Mundane Mann!
(sneezes)
What in the heck
is going on here?
Yesterday, he beat the
Ever-Victorious Legend Goldy,
and now he's won again?
Looks like he's going to
the main tournament.
[brown jacket] There's nothing
spectacular about Quinton,
but he's consistent and the
odds were in his favor.
To think he'd come up
against this guy
and not even get
to make a move.
[tan shirt] If he's made it
this far, it can't be a fluke.
But I can't for the life of me
figure out how he's winning.
I don't know if it's safe
to bet on him or not.
[brown jacket] For Dark Horse
betting, this is interesting.
If everything goes normally,
Iris is gonna win again
this year.
If anyone's gonna change that,
it's gonna be a
mysterious Dark Knight.
[tan shirt] Like Mundane Mann.
But for Round One in
the main tournament,
he's up against the Annerose.
I'd say his odds are most
likely nine to one.
Come on, man, there is no way
that could be true.
My dearest friend and brother
from another mother, Po Tato...
How are you? Will you please
send me some money for an
investment?
As for me, I am currently
working on improving myself
for the future.
So I beg of you, please send
over some funds now,
please dear friend.
(laughing) Not a chance!
(laughs)
(waaah)
[Kagenou]
The guy I fought today
was awfully enthusiastic.
I think his name was...
Quin, uh, something like that.
He reminds me of
someone I met, I think.
Yeah, but who?
Hmm?
[Mundane] Can I help you?
I never would have guessed you
would make it to
the main tournament.
I'm impressed.
[Mundane]
It was the natural outcome.
I admit, I misjudged you.
I didn't realize
your true strength.
You did very well.
But I would like to give you
a warning, if I could.
A warning?
I've seen your every move,
Mundane.
You'd best not assume
you can win
in the same ways you have been.
(chuckles)
What the hell's so funny,
Mundane?
[Kagenou] Yes, here it is!
(soft dramatic music)
[Mundane]
Allow me to give YOU a warning.
(large thud)
[Annerose] Wh-what?
These weights I wear
are chains that are
holding me back.
Play time is over.
(Annerose gasps)
(large thuds)
Hey!
Hold on, don't go!
I said stop!
Don't start thinking
this means you've won.
I'll show you!
You're not the only one
who can do it!
I can do it too.
(neck cracks)
Kay.
[Kagenou] What exactly was she
trying to do?
(neck cracks)
(wind whistling softly)
(swords clashing)
(gasps)
(dark music)
(waaah)
(blood splatters)
(knight groaning)
I made sure not to
hit your vitals,
but you should hurry back
and get that looked at.
[knights]
Hey, are you all right?
-She went that way! Hurry!
-You won't get away!
You are gonna pay
for what you've done!
(ENDING THEME)